Created ReadME with the info. about the project (#38)
CatsInTech/Rezume: ReadME.md

## Mentors
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v2/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume) ![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=git&logoColor=white)

| GitHub Usernames                                     | Domain                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| [@praveenscience](https://github.com/praveenscience) | Full Stack MERN / LAMP + Documentation |
| [@priyadharshinir1894](https://github.com/priyadharshinir1894) | Full Stack + Cloud         |
| [@vermakhushboo](https://github.com/vermakhushboo) | Full Stack         |
| [@PrathibhaS](https://github.com/PrathibhaS) | Backend |
| [@AnjaliSharma1234](https://github.com/AnjaliSharma1234) | Frontend + Documentation |

## Project Admin

[![Relative date](https://img.shields.io/date/1577392258?color=important&label=started&logo=github)](https://github.com/praveenscience/) [![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020?color=green&logo=github)](https://github.com/praveenscience/)

> | <a href="https://praveen.science/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/pQkeC0B.png" width=150px height=120px /></a> |

Reviewer: Any issues with using Markdown here? ✨

Author: No, but I did not see any harm in using this :) Any issues with it though? @praveenscience

Reviewer: Looks weird, that's all! 😅

| :----------------------------------------------------------: |
| **[Praveen Kumar Purushothaman](https://praveen.science/)**  |

>**Need help?**
Feel free to contact me at [catsintech@praveen.science](https://praveen.science/).

> 

Reviewer: This is definitely misleading. 😔 Let's use this way! 😅 And yea. No empty lines. 😅
```suggestion
Feel free to contact me at [catsintech@praveen.science](mailto:catsintech@praveen.science).
```

Author: I think this "mailto" was not working as already showed it to you. Do you still want to get it changed? @praveenscience

# Welcome to Rezume - a free Resume Generator

> [![first-timers-only](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-tomato.svg?style=flat&logo=git)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/issues) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/CatsInTech/Rezume.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/stargazers) [![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/CatsInTech/Rezume.svg?logo=github&color=teal)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/network) [![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/CatsInTech/Rezume?color=yellow&logo=javascript)](https://github.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System) 

Reviewer: Why is this coming here?
```
https://github.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System
```

> 

Reviewer: Spaaacesss!!! 😅

Rezume is a free online portal for generating resumes without worrying about the styling and formatting. In the web portal, you only need to input the basic information which you want to have on your resume and it will automatically generate a decent resume for you.

## Major objective 

- To let beginners venture into the domain of Web Development
- To facilitate students and working professionals to create decent Resumes by focusing on the content rather than the styling and other UI features

## Tech Stack 

- **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJS 
- **Backend:** NodeJS

## Installation Instructions

> 

Reviewer: Replace the above with something like this. Check your email for the complete instructions:

```
## Getting Started

### System Requirements

More in your email.
```

Author: I have updated the document, kindly check @praveenscience

[![GSSoC](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GirlScriptSummerOfCode/MentorshipProgram/master/GSsoc%20Type%20Logo%20Black.png)](https://www.gssoc.tech/)

**1. How to start as a beginner so as to contribute to the project?**
*There are many beginner level issues to begin with, which include documentation, development and design. Also, feel free to make issues for features as well as for reporting bugs. Participants can claim an issue by commenting that they are interested in it. We are also open to new ideas and suggestions.*

**2. How to communicate with us?**
*All communication will happen on the Slack channel for this particular projects. Mentors can also be reached through GitHub. Avoid DMs and unnecessary mentions on slack and GitHub both. *Checkout [this](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/issues) issue for more.**

**3. What is the deadline for any task submission?**
*Mentors can assign issues to participants and also mention a deadline before which the issue is to be resolved. They can reassign issues in case of any delay, so be active and complete your tasks within the negotiated duration.*

## Mentors

>  [![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v2/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume) ![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=git&logoColor=white)

Reviewer: @AnjaliSharma1234 You forgot to add this.

| GitHub Usernames                                     | Domain                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| [@praveenscience](https://github.com/praveenscience) | Full Stack MERN / LAMP + Documentation |
| [@priyadharshinir1894](https://github.com/priyadharshinir1894) | Full Stack + Cloud         |
| [@vermakhushboo](https://github.com/vermakhushboo) | Full Stack         |
| [@PrathibhaS](https://github.com/PrathibhaS) | Backend |
| [@AnjaliSharma1234](https://github.com/AnjaliSharma1234) | Frontend + Documentation |

## Project Admin

[![Relative date](https://img.shields.io/date/1577392258?color=important&label=started&logo=github)](https://github.com/praveenscience/) [![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020?color=green&logo=github)](https://github.com/praveenscience/)

| <a href="https://praveen.science/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/pQkeC0B.png" width=150px height=120px /></a> |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: |
| **[Praveen Kumar Purushothaman](https://praveen.science/)**  |

> ***Need help?***

> ***Feel free to contact me at [catsintech@praveen.science](mailto: catsintech@praveen.science?Subject=Cats in Tech Project)***

Reviewer: @AnjaliSharma1234 You forgot to add this.

Rezume is a free online portal for generating resumes without worrying about the styling and formatting. In the web portal, you only need to input the basic information which you want to have on your resume and it will automatically generate a decent resume for you.

## Major objective 

- To let beginners venture into the domain of Web Development
- To facilitate students and working professionals to create decent Resumes by focusing on the content rather than the styling and other UI features

## Tech Stack 

- **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJS 
- **Backend:** NodeJS

## Installation Instructions

## Contribution Guidelines

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=github)](https://github.com/codeuino/Rezume/issues) ![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=github)  [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/CatsInTech) 

>  [![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=github)](https://github.com/CatsInTech) [![CatsInTech](https://img.shields.io/badge/Author-@praveenscience-gray.svg?colorA=gray&colorB=dodgerblue&logo=github)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/) 

Reviewer: Get rid of the space before this.

- Write clear meaningful git commit messages (Do read [this](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)).
- Make sure your PR's description contains GitHub's special keyword references that automatically close the related issue when the PR is merged. (Check [this](https://github.com/blog/1506-closing-issues-via-pull-requests) for more info)
- When you make very very minor changes to a PR of yours (like for example fixing a text in button, minor changes requested by reviewers) make sure you squash your commits afterwards so that you don't have an absurd number of commits for a very small fix. (Learn how to squash at [here](https://davidwalsh.name/squash-commits-git))
- When you're submitting a PR for a UI-related issue, it would be really awesome if you add a screenshot of your change or a link to a deployment where it can be tested out along with your PR. It makes it very easy for the reviewers and you'll also get reviews quicker.
- Please follow the [PR Template](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to create the PR.
- Always create PR to `develop` branch.

> > **Note:** Are you an **absolute beginner?** Please [check the issues](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/issues) labeled with `first-timers-only`. These issues might _let your Open Source journey begin_ - **Welcome onboard!**

Reviewer: We can start with with `beginners` label itself. And a couple of grammatical fixes below:

```suggestion
> **Note:** Are you an **absolute beginner**? Please [check the issues](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/issues) labeled with `beginners`. These issues might _let your Open Source journey begin_ - **Welcome on-board!**
```

### Frequently Asked Questions(FAQs) for [GSSoC'20](https://www.gssoc.tech/)

> This project is accepting contributions under [GirlScript Summer of Code 2020](https://www.gssoc.tech/) - three months long Open Source program conducted by [GirlScript Foundation](https://www.gssoc.tech/).

[![GSSoC](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GirlScriptSummerOfCode/MentorshipProgram/master/GSsoc%20Type%20Logo%20Black.png)](https://www.gssoc.tech/)

**1. How to start as a beginner so as to contribute to the project?**
*There are many beginner level issues to begin with, which include documentation, development and design. Also, feel free to make issues for features as well as for reporting bugs. Participants can claim an issue by commenting that they are interested in it. We are also open to new ideas and suggestions.*

**2. How to communicate with us?**
*All communication will happen on the Slack channel for this particular projects. Mentors can also be reached through GitHub. Avoid DMs and unnecessary mentions on slack and GitHub both. *Checkout [this](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume/issues) issue for more.**

**3. What is the deadline for any task submission?**

> 

Reviewer: Keep the spaces consistent. Either use a space or remove it everywhere.

## Mentors

 [![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v2/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/CatsInTech/Rezume) ![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/CatsInTech/Rezume?logo=git&logoColor=white)

| GitHub Usernames                                     | Domain                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| [@praveenscience](https://github.com/praveenscience) | Full Stack MERN / LAMP + Documentation |
| [@priyadharshinir1894](https://github.com/priyadharshinir1894) | Full Stack + Cloud         |
| [@vermakhushboo](https://github.com/vermakhushboo) | Full Stack         |
| [@PrathibhaS](https://github.com/PrathibhaS) | Backend |
| [@AnjaliSharma1234](https://github.com/AnjaliSharma1234) | Frontend + Documentation |

## Project Admin

[![Relative date](https://img.shields.io/date/1577392258?color=important&label=started&logo=github)](https://github.com/praveenscience/) [![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020?color=green&logo=github)](https://github.com/praveenscience/)

> 

Reviewer: Max 1 line space, not more than that.

| <a href="https://praveen.science/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/pQkeC0B.png" width=150px height=120px /></a> |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: |
| **[Praveen Kumar Purushothaman](https://praveen.science/)**  |

> ***Need help?***
***Feel free to contact me at [catsintech@praveen.science](mailto: catsintech@praveen.science?Subject=Cats in Tech Project)***

[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/praveenscience.svg?label=Follow%20@praveenscience&style=social)](https://github.com/praveenscience/) [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/praveenscience?style=social)](https://twitter.com/praveenscience) 

---

[![built with love](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/AnjaliSharma1234/)

>  

Reviewer: Get rid of trailing spaces on each lines and trailing lines at the end of document.
